The next step is to create the model and the repository classes to do that go to sts  go to the
package, right
Click on it, new class, call it Coupon, and that will go into the package called springcloud.
model,finish.
This model class represents the database table for us.
The coupon table has id code discount and a expiry date.
So go back to the sts and type in those fields.
Private long id private string the coupon code private.
We can use a decimal a int a big decimal.
So big decimal is preferred because in the database the discount is of type decimal.
So we will use big decimal discount it control one import decimal from Java dot math package.
Private string exp date is the last field.
Select all those fields go to source generate getters and setters to select all after expiry date is where I want
those formatted.
Scroll up.
The ID field should be ID, not I.
So let me take out that getter setters, save it,hit control one, generate the getters and setters
one more time just for that field. Now i have all the fields correct.
Now, this is just a Java bin.
To make it a JPA entity, you need to mark this gui with.
@entity annotation from javax.Persistence next mark the id with
@ ID annotation from Javax.persistence and let's make this generation type
identity so that it will be automatically incremented generation value within brackets.
The strategy is equal to generation type.identity.
So that tells that this is identity field in the database and it should be incremented.
So we have the model class.
The next step is to create spring data, data repository, which is super simple, right
Click on the package, say new interface, call it coupon.
Coupon repo, and this will go in to spring cloud.repos package. Hit add this interface should
extend the JPA repository interface select that hit OK, finish.
Here, we need to specify the generic types, this repository is for the model class.
called coupon, that gui and the identity type is long
Thats it, that is all that is required to perform current operations against the model coupon.
So in this lecture, you have successfully created a coupon model with four fields on it, annotated
with it, with @ enitity jpa annotations.
And then you have also created a spring data repository which can be used to perform operations against
the database table coupon.